Update ad-hoc-distributed-queries-server-configuration-option.md (#7364)
MicrosoftDocs/sql-docs: docs/database-engine/configure-windows/ad-hoc-distributed-queries-server-configuration-option.md

      ORDER BY GroupName, Name') AS a;  
GO  
```  
## Azure SQL Database and Azure SQL Managed Instance

> See this [Features comparison: Azure SQL Database and Azure SQL Managed Instance](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-sql/database/features-comparison) for reference 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [Features comparison: Azure SQL Database and Azure SQL Managed Instance](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-sql/database/features-comparison) for reference. 

```
Removing locale identifier and adding period
